Update redirect-traffic.mdx (#12243)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/commands/connect/redirect-traffic.mdx

#### Options for Traffic Redirection Rules

> - `-consul-dns-ip` - The IP address of the Consul DNS resolver. If provided, Consul DNS queries will be redirected to the provided IP address for resolving.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-consul-dns-ip` - The IP address of the Consul DNS resolver. If provided, DNS queries will be redirected to the provided IP address for name resolution.
```
An iptables rule will be installed that redirects all DNS queries to the provided IP address, not just queries for the `.consul` TLD.
